{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 \fmodern Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel0 \b \fs36 How to Open the \u8220"Make It So\u8221" App if Your Mac Blocks It (Two Easy Ways)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 If your Mac says it {\b can\u8217't open the app} because it\u8217's from an {\i unidentified developer}, don\u8217't worry. That\u8217's normal for new/beta apps that weren\u8217't downloaded from the App Store.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Below are {\b two simple ways} to open it. You only need to do this {\b once}.\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Option 1 (Recommended): Use {\b System Settings \u8594? Open Anyway}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 1.\tx360\tab {\b Double\u8209?click} the \u8220"Make It So\u8221" app.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 2.\tx360\tab If a warning appears, click {\b OK} to close it.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 3.\tx360\tab Click the {\b \u63743? Apple menu} (top\u8209?left of your screen) \u8594? {\b System Settings}\line (on older Macs, this may be {\b System Preferences}).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 4.\tx360\tab Click {\b Privacy & Security}.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 5.\tx360\tab Scroll until you see a message like:\line {\b \u8220"\u8216'Make It So\u8217' was blocked from use because it is not from an identified developer.\u8221"}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 6.\tx360\tab Click {\b Open Anyway}.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 7.\tx360\tab A confirmation box appears \u8212- click {\b Open}.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 After this, the app should open normally next time (no extra steps).\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Option 2: {\b Right\u8209?click (or Control\u8209?click) \u8594? Open}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 1.\tx360\tab {\b Right\u8209?click} (or {\b Control\u8209?click}) the \u8220"Make It So\u8221" app icon.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 2.\tx360\tab Choose {\b Open} from the small menu.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 3.\tx360\tab A warning appears again, but this time it has an {\b Open} button \u8212- click {\b Open}.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 This also tells your Mac to trust the app. You usually won\u8217't see the warning again.\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Tips\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Seeing {\i \u8220"Apple cannot check it for malicious software\u8221"} is expected for test builds.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab If you still get blocked, repeat {\b Option 1} \u8212- it\u8217's the most reliable path.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Support:} makeitsoapp@proton.me\par}
}
