{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\vieww12000\viewh15840\viewkind0
\hyphauto1\hyphfactor90
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Tools Folder \'97 What\'92s Inside & How to Use It\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 This guide explains the helper scripts you\'92ll find in the 
\f0\b Tools/
\f1\b0  folder. Each script is double\uc0\u8209 clickable on macOS. If a script doesn\'92t open when you double\u8209 click it, give it permission first:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 chmod +x "<script name>.command"\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 Then just double\uc0\u8209 click it in Finder (or run it from Terminal).\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\sa180\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Tip: Most tools show friendly prompts. If a path is needed, you can usually 
\f0\b drag a file or app into the Terminal
\f1\b0  window and press 
\f0\b Return
\f1\b0 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'97\'97\'97\'97\'97\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 1) Change Any App Icon.command\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Purpose
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 Update the icon of 
\f0\b any
\f1\b0  macOS 
\f2 .app
\f1  you choose. It converts a PNG into a full 
\f2 .icns
\f1  set and embeds it in the app\'92s Resources, updates 
\f2 Info.plist
\f1 , and (when possible) re\uc0\u8209 signs the app locally to refresh Finder/Dock.\

\f0\b Typical flow
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 1. You\'92ll be prompted to pick an 
\f0\b icon PNG
\f1\b0  (1024\'d71024 recommended).\uc0\u8232 2. You\'92ll be prompted to pick the 
\f0\b target .app
\f1\b0 .\uc0\u8232 3. The script converts the PNG 
\f3 \uc0\u8594 
\f1  
\f2 .icns
\f1 , sets 
\f2 CFBundleIconFile
\f1 , and ad\uc0\u8209 hoc signs.\u8232 4. It reveals the updated app in Finder.\

\f0\b Good to know
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 - If the icon doesn\'92t update immediately, move/rename the app once or 
\f0\b Relaunch Finder
\f1\b0  (
\f3 \uc0\u8997 
\f1  right\uc0\u8209 click Finder in Dock 
\f3 \uc0\u8594 
\f1  
\f4\i Relaunch
\f1\i0 ).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'97\'97\'97\'97\'97\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 2) Change Make It So App Icon.command\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Purpose
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 Same idea as above, but 
\f0\b pre\uc0\u8209 wired for your Make It So build output
\f1\b0 . It tries to auto\uc0\u8209 find:\u8232 - 
\f2 art/icon.png
\f1  (or 
\f2 icon.png
\f1 ) next to your project, and\uc0\u8232 - the 
\f0\b newest
\f1\b0  packaged app under 
\f2 dist/**/app/*.app
\f1 .\

\f0\b Typical flow
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 1. Run the script; it will auto\u8209 detect the most recent app and icon.\u8232 2. If it can\'92t find them, it will 
\f0\b ask you
\f1\b0  to pick the PNG and the 
\f2 .app
\f1 .\uc0\u8232 3. It embeds the icon and refreshes the app signature locally.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'97\'97\'97\'97\'97\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 3) GZDoom Advanced macOS Launcher Script.command\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Purpose
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 A convenience launcher for 
\f0\b GZDoom
\f1\b0  on macOS. It is designed to help you start GZDoom with your preferred WAD/PK3 files and settings without typing long command lines.\

\f0\b Typical flow
\f1\b0  
\f4\i (exact prompts may vary)
\f1\i0 \uc0\u8232 1. Choose your 
\f0\b GZDoom.app
\f1\b0  or executable (first run).\uc0\u8232 2. Pick an 
\f0\b IWAD / PWAD / PK3
\f1\b0  or a folder with game data.\uc0\u8232 3. Optional: set extra parameters (mods, fullscreen, etc.).\u8232 4. The script launches GZDoom with the selected content.\

\f0\b Good to know
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 - Keep your WADs in a consistent folder so they\'92re easy to pick.\u8232 - If GZDoom isn\'92t installed, get the latest build from the official project and place it in 
\f2 /Applications
\f1  or another known location.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'97\'97\'97\'97\'97\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 4) Make .app Compiler.command\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Purpose
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 Create a 
\f0\b clickable macOS .app
\f1\b0  wrapper for a script or simple command entry point. Useful when you want a true app bundle that users can run from Finder like any other application.\

\f0\b Typical flow
\f1\b0  
\f4\i (may vary depending on your setup)
\f1\i0 \uc0\u8232 1. You\'92ll provide a script or command you\'92d like wrapped.\u8232 2. The tool generates a minimal 
\f2 .app
\f1  bundle around it.\uc0\u8232 3. You can then customize the app\'92s icon using the icon tools above.\

\f0\b Note
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 If your team already distributes a full Swift/Xcode app, you may not need this. It\'92s mainly for turning a script into a user\u8209 friendly app.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'97\'97\'97\'97\'97\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 5) Organize Project Structure.command\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Purpose
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 Gently 
\f0\b standardize your project layout
\f1\b0  so the packager can find what it needs and your repository stays tidy. It can also create a 
\f0\b safety backup ZIP
\f1\b0  before it changes anything.\

\f0\b What it checks/creates
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 - Ensures key folders exist: 
\f2 art/
\f1 , 
\f2 dist/
\f1 , 
\f2 docs/
\f1 , 
\f2 Tools/
\f1 , 
\f2 .github/
\f1 \uc0\u8232 - Optionally moves loose assets into sensible places (never touches your Xcode files without asking)\u8232 - Can write a basic 
\f2 .gitignore
\f1  and boilerplate files if missing\uc0\u8232 - Offers to create a dated backup ZIP 
\f0\b outside
\f1\b0  your project first\

\f0\b Running it safely
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 - Double\u8209 click to run. If prompted for backup, it will suggest an iCloud Drive location (or you can enter a path).\u8232 - Choose 
\f0\b safe mode
\f1\b0  to keep all source locations intact.\uc0\u8232 - There\'92s usually an 
\f0\b advanced
\f1\b0  option that can update references after moving files\'97only use this if you know your project and you agree with every change it proposes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'97\'97\'97\'97\'97\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 6) Post To GitHub Release (Auto).command
\f1\b0\fs24 \
Purpose\uc0\u8232 Create a GitHub Release and upload the newest ZIP/DMG from dist/, without having to browse manually.\
How it works\uc0\u8232 - Auto-detects the latest build artifact in dist/ (looks in both direct files and timestamped subfolders).\u8232 - If it can\'92t find one, it asks you to drag a ZIP/DMG.\u8232 - Prompts for repo (owner/repo), tag (e.g., v1.0.0), and a title.\
GitHub token\uc0\u8232 - Will use GITHUB_TOKEN or GH_TOKEN if set.\u8232 - Otherwise, it looks in the macOS Keychain (makeitso_gh_token).\u8232 - If none is found, it prompts you, and can save to Keychain for next time.\
Run\uc0\u8232 1) Make it executable (once):\
chmod +x "Post To GitHub Release (Auto).command"\
2)	Double-click it in Finder (or run via Terminal).\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'97\'97\'97\'97\'97\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Running any tool\
\pard\tx360\pardeftab720\li360\fi-360\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \'95	
\f0\b Double\uc0\u8209 click
\f1\b0  the 
\f2 .command
\f1  file in Finder.\uc0\u8232 \
\'95	If nothing happens, grant permission once:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 chmod +x "<tool name>.command"\
\pard\tx360\pardeftab720\li360\fi-360\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \'95	You can also run it from Terminal:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 ./<tool name>.command\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Support
\f1\b0 : makeitsoapp@proton.me\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'97\'97\'97\'97\'97\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\pardeftab720\li360\fi-360\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
}